Our plan to release the stable release this weekend has unfortunately been thwarted by a few show-stopper bugs in the last playtest. Those have now all been fixed, so we have decided to do another playtest!

Here are the fixes contained in this release:

  - A bug in the pathfinder code which caused freezes of several seconds or even longer has been fixed.
  - The minigame and dropzone maps would crash when selected in the lobby.
  - The player's faction in single-player missions was erroneously assigned at random.
  - A race condition related to carryalls which caused crashes when met has been fixed.
  - The unintended dependency on XQuartz for the OS X package has been removed.

In addition, the ore silo in Red Alert has been moved to the support structure queue.

All the details can be found on our [changelog page](https://github.com/OpenRA/OpenRA/wiki/Historical-Changelogs) as usual.

Head on over to the [download section](/download/) to find the installer for your operating system.

We really hope that this will be the last playtest in this cycle and we will be able to give you a stable release next weekend. Nonetheless, should you encounter any bugs, problems, or have any suggestions, don't hesitate to let us know [on our bug tracker](http://bugs.openra.net).

A note on map compatibility: already with the first playtest a new map format was introduced which is not backward-compatible with last October's release-20141029. This means that if you have downloaded custom maps from [the Resource Center](http://resource.openra.net) or elsewhere, these maps will have been automatically updated to the new map format once you have run this or one of the previous playtests. If you later go back to the release version, it will not be able to parse the new map format and crash. You can avoid the problem by either deleting the contents of your `map` folder, or by making backups of the `map` folder and restoring that when you switch back to release-20141029.
