A new release of OpenRA is available! Grab it on the downloads page.

Both mods:

* Added a server banlist setting (e.g. Server: Ban: IP1,IP2,IP3).
* Comments can be placed at the end of lines in YAML files (comments are prefixed with #).
* Improved error handling for multiple definitions of the same field in YAML files.
* (Gameplay) Missiles lose guidance and run out their remaining fuel if the target dies.

RA:

* Camoflauged pillbox is back, with the same garrison features of the original pillbox.
    * The camoflauge effect requires power - the unit inside the structure will still attack even if power is low.
* Added a setting to disable the CashTick sound played when producing structures and units. Setting can be set to Extreme (default), Normal, or Off.
* Minor AI improvements.

CNC:

* Exposed the option to toggle the shellmap.
* MRLS cost increased from 800 to 1200.
* APC's gun damage was increased, to be a bit more effective against helis.
* Several buildings had hitpoints modified. Construction Yard, Airfield, Weapons Factory and Advanced Powerplant all received a bonus to their armor, while defensive walls received a reduction of health.
* Serveral units had movement speed adjusted. Notably the Nod Buggy, Recon Bike and Humvee all received a boost, and Medium Tank was slightly slowed.
* Landed helicopters were made targetable by units.
* Production hotkeys changed from YUIOP to QWERT (a la C&C 3).
* Mammoth Tank has an 8-sec cooldown for heal (like RA).

Bug fixes:

* Spy entering radar dome will no longer reset GPS if up.
* Players cannot attempt to capture buildings if that same player (or friendly ally) is already capturing.
* Barrels are no longer capturable/sellable.

The next release should be a large one, stay tuned.