We have released a new version of OpenRA! Head over to the downloads page to grab it.

List of changes since the previous release:

* Maps
    * Added a new RA Map by Nukem: Tainted Peak
    * Dropped three RA Maps: Daejeon, Mjolnir, and No Fly Zone.
* Added a Sound Engine game setting: Sound.Engine=AL.
    * "AL" uses OpenAL, "Null" gives you no sound.
* Warnings are shown to lobbies when a DEV_VERSION client joins.
* General gameplay changes:
    * Buildings now take 10 seconds to capture.
    * New units now attack-move to the designated rally point.
* RA changes:
    * Spy
        * Can infiltrate Refinery: Steals 50% of a player's cash, minimum $500.
        * Can infiltrate Radar Dome: Resets exploration for the enemy team.
        * Is equipped with a Silenced PPK. Use force-fire to assassinate an enemy unit (careful, your disguise will be dropped).
    * Gap Generator made available to Allies.
    * Tanya made available only to Allies.
    * Pillboxes now include a rifle infantry when built. Pillboxes are garrisonable, so swapping the unit inside changes the weapon fired.
    * Camo Pillbox was removed (temporarily).
    * Artilleries have a 75% chance of exploding on death, down from 100%.
    * Flamethrower received new art for its flame effect, as well as an overall damage increase.
    * AI: Replaced Normal AI with two new AIs: Rommel and Zhukov.
        * Zhukov is a turtle, but sends large attacks with Artillery and V2.
        * Rommel is a modified Hard AI; sends Artillery and V2, but doesn't like light vehicles.
* CNC changes:
    * A10's speed increased, Napalm Drop damage increased.
    * Chinooks now carry up to 10 passengers.
    * Sight of all infantry was increased by 1 tile.
    * Chem Warrior/Flamethrower/Grenadier damage vs certain armor types increased.
    * Artillery's attack range was doubled.
    * Guard Tower's attack range increased by 1.
    * Increased sight of Construction Yards and MCVs.
    * Construction Yard armor type changed to Heavy (previously Wood).
    * Harvester armor type changed to Heavy (previously Light).
    * Reduced the probability of SpawnVisceroid from 10% to 2%.
    * Reduced the damage and size of Grenadier death explosions.
    * Units no longer target buildings when attack-moving or when idle. They still target defensive structures (except SAM sites).
    * AI is now reasonable and playable.
* General mod support and bug fixes:
    * New CloakPaletteEffect trait for adding a shimmer effect to cloaked units.
    * Cargo trait now allows initial passengers when units are built.
    * Capture time length is adjustable
    * Custom starting units can be used for each faction.
    * General engine tweaks.
    * Main menu no longer vanished after a lobby disconnect.
    * Fixed a crash with capturing/selling buildings at the same time.
    * Fixed a crash in server in StartGame if there were unvalidated connections.
    * Fixed a crash in the CNC replay viewer.
    * Fixed a bug in CNC where radar would not be shown if dead/spectating.
    * Fixed a bug where passengers could shoot from transports.
    * Improved error messages given with bad MiniYaml indentations.
